example/readme.md, before:

# Example setup for single-docker node Caller's Bane server / mysql containers

This `docker-compose.yml` requires that a mysql data volume is mounted to /var/lib/mysql and that Caller's Bane configuration volume is mounted to /callersbane/CallersBane-Server/cfg. The docker compose file uses the following local folders respectively:

- `/c/mnt/docker/callersbane/mysql` - mysql database files
- `/c/mnt/docker/callersbane/conf` - `hibernate.cfg.xml` (see installation_instructions.txt inside Caller's Bane download archive)

These folders are assumed to contain the correct data already. To initialize the data you can use the [init script](../init).

Run with:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Note: On Windows you might have better luck running `start.ps1` instead of standard `docker-compose up -d`. See [issue](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/1829). The version it was tested on was `18.03.1-ce-win65 (17513)`, your milage may vary.

Note: mysql port is not forwarded for security reasons. If you need to connect to mysql to edit the database bring the containers down with `docker-compose down`, create a temporary mysql with `docker run --rm --name tmp-mysql -v /c/mnt/docker/callersbane/mysql:/var/lib/mysql -d -p 3306:3306 mysql:5.7.22`, connect to port 3306 and do the changes, remove the temp container with `docker stop tmp-mysql` and do `docker-compose up -d` (or run `start.ps1` if on windows) again.

Commit message:

added reminder to update SERVER_ID

example/readme.md, after:

# Example setup for single-docker node Caller's Bane server / mysql containers

This `docker-compose.yml` requires that a mysql data volume is mounted to /var/lib/mysql and that Caller's Bane configuration volume is mounted to /callersbane/CallersBane-Server/cfg. The docker compose file uses the following local folders respectively:

- `/c/mnt/docker/callersbane/mysql` - mysql database files
- `/c/mnt/docker/callersbane/conf` - `hibernate.cfg.xml` (see installation_instructions.txt inside Caller's Bane download archive)

These folders are assumed to contain the correct data already. To initialize the data you can use the [init script](../init).

Review docker compose and make sure to update `SERVER_ID`. This is the server id that is stored in mysql servers table. It is passed to the Caller's Bane executable command line and must match what is in the database, or the server won't start.

Run with:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Note: On Windows you might have better luck running `start.ps1` instead of standard `docker-compose up -d`. See [issue](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/1829). The version it was tested on was `18.03.1-ce-win65 (17513)`, your milage may vary.

Note: mysql port is not forwarded for security reasons. If you need to connect to mysql to edit the database bring the containers down with `docker-compose down`, create a temporary mysql with `docker run --rm --name tmp-mysql -v /c/mnt/docker/callersbane/mysql:/var/lib/mysql -d -p 3306:3306 mysql:5.7.22`, connect to port 3306 and do the changes, remove the temp container with `docker stop tmp-mysql` and do `docker-compose up -d` (or run `start.ps1` if on windows) again.
